hey everyone got my fireworks all put
together for July 4th 2013 and I just
show off a little bit here that's on my
computer and that's a show out of all
the platforms you'll notice and such as
in here this is the left side some
dimensions on there make setting up out
in the field a little easier there's the
center and then the right side I know it
scroll over here this is my firing
system it's the Cobra 18 r2 I've got
three modules with 18 cues apiece so
I'll have one for that was shown on the
chart there one for the center one for
the left one for the right and then use
tau and firing clips to fire off each of
the queues and there's the remote
control it's wireless so I'll be able to
stand with the crowd and watch the show
and enjoy it and then here's the
fireworks when they're all set up better
back up a little here they're all set up
I'll walk around a little bit I will
have so haven't set the spinners up yet
there those are the spinners to make a
rack for those but you'll notice there's
there's three of those a total of a
hundred and seventy one individual buy
fireworks being lived which I best count
that'll be four thousand one hundred and
twenty five individual shots and you'll
see I've got two racks setup for mortars
rack setup for mines over here I've got
another rack there
walk around to the front show you got
some fountains that will play and from
time to time no water racks there with
dark in here there's some fountains
notice there's two fountain boards so
those will go in the front there's two
for each side left and right so those
will spread out and there's some
tentacle ones on the right hand side
there they are don't know what that
sound is it might be the wind
there you go hope you enjoyed it